# javascript-challenge : UFO Sightings 

## Directory Structure
### 1) UFO-level-1
Added index.html, app.js, images, and CSS files under this directory to listen for events and search through the date data. An input field called, 'Date' has been added to search the data using the date on this input field when "Search" button is clicked. Added a placeholder value = "1/8/2010' to this input date field. When Search button is clicked, it will read the placeholder value if no date is keyed in and search through the data using the value that is read from the 'Date' field. Also added a little bit of color that matches the golden color in the ‘nasa.jpg’ image to the Search forms.

### 2) UFO-level-2
Like UFO-level-1, UFO-level-2 also has ndex.html, app.js, images, and CSS files under this directory to listen for events. But added a few extra search criteria such as city, state, country, and shape in addition to date field. Placeholder value is omitted from the date field to give an option to search on any or all these input data. Added a 'dropdown' list box for 'Shape' input field to choose the shapes from the given field. If any date is entered, then 'Shape' dropdown will list only the shapes that are associated with that date. Otherwise, it will display every shape in the entire data. Shape dropdown has the option to choose from the list or to empty this field to enhance the search criteria. This way, the search can be done on other field(s) by including or excluding 'Shape data. Also added a little bit of color that matches the golden color in the ‘nasa.jpg’ image to the Search forms.
